---
layout: post
title: "MacCoss Lab Celebrates USHUPO 2026 Award Winners"
date: 2025-11-29
categories: [awards, ushupo, proteomics]
---

We are thrilled to announce that [Mike MacCoss](https://us-hupo.org/Distinguished-Contribution-Award) has been selected to receive the 2026 Donald F. Hunt Distinguished Contribution in Proteomics Award from US HUPO. This award recognizes outstanding contributions to the field of proteomics based upon scientific achievement as well as contributions to mentorship and improving equity and inclusion within the field. Mike will present at the US HUPO conference in St. Louis, Missouri (February 21-25, 2026).

We are also proud to celebrate two others closely connected to our lab who are receiving 2026 US HUPO awards:

[Nate Basisty](https://us-hupo.org/New-Investigator-Award), a former MacCoss lab trainee who completed his Ph.D. at UW co-mentored by Peter Rabinovitch and Mike MacCoss, has been selected for the Robert J. Cotter New Investigator Award. Nate is now an NIH Distinguished Scholar and Tenure Track Investigator at the National Institute on Aging, where his Translational Geroproteomics Unit works at the intersection of proteomics and translational aging biology. We are so proud of Nate's continued success and his dedication to the proteomics community.

[Bill Noble](https://us-hupo.org/Computational-Proteomics-Award), one of our closest colleagues here in the Department of Genome Sciences, has been selected for the Gilbert S. Omenn Computational Proteomics Award. This award recognizes scientists who have developed bioinformatics, computational, statistical methods, and/or software used by the proteomics community. Bill's contributions to machine learning and statistical methods for analyzing shotgun proteomics data have had an enormous impact on the field.

Congratulations to all three awardees!
